welcome back. back from a reality that sometimes hurts, sometimes feel like sweet berries. sometimes hurts but sometimes feel useful

today we gonna look at our hero a bit closer and we will introduce more people from his head. so he is at a psychiatry as we said. why? because his situation is not getting any
better. every day his head hurts more and more. because he want to escape reality. he want to feel free from these personalities. it's getting better every day. he had medicine 
that helps him get through this pain. some call it a disease and some call it by nice names. either way he has interesting life.

our fourth guest in this secion is wall breaker. it's a cartoon type person. maybe he is from a video game. this dude is muscular and he feels good when he can break a wall. he is
best at breaking fourth wall.this means he like to communicate with readers and is comeplitely aware he is in some game or a story.he is calling himself ST.alckoholic/st.alcker/or
ST.alKER_17. this dude is a player. he knows how does it feel to be played. so he is seeking the real truth. better known as CAKE from the_mans(demons) PORTAL. HE CALLS HIMSELF DEMON 2(TOO)
but he is trapped in a simulation. (nope) but he wants others to feel that way. why because he is going AFTER SECRET the real impostor who plays with us. is he a demon? nope he is
just a piece of strong yet weak piece of sHIT. HE IS REALY traped with us. a gamers that are playing games to escape from here. his name? AIDS aka anti i descrete system. but as 
with aids we can find a way to DELETE it from existance we are trying to CURED him. oh sorry a typoo. :D xD met me in hell again.

fifth is josepf blackINCA also known as me the writer. well i'm fictional to him same as he is for me herself(no i'm not a ) WOMAN( WOnder MAN) but i can be as witchhousesky brothers
R but it would be boring to bleed LOL. well should i introduce myself? or another myself? which you want to hear WRONG OR WRITE HALF of A BRAIN. nevermind i'm dead once let's beytwice
once i wanted to be called on internet as JZ yeah jay zee but then i realized there are some kings called JAY Z. so i decided to call myself a stalker.

now for the 6th final man. this dude saved me from eternal hell. i created in my mind. his name is neither important neither we can call him ... sorry i can't spell his name but 
hairy Plotter can . wait what's with HIM (WIH) HIMWIH IS HIS NAME and i don't give a damn about him cause sooner or LATER he will came out . of that fucking light he stands in.
Falso PROfet. but S_I_Say he will be mailed white<- letters.

nevermind
AK-47 is sending this note to Ü. ;) (>*-*<-|)
