welcome my dear reader
  if you find something interesting in my "mind" let me know
  
in this story or stories we gonna speak a bit about our hero/villain. name of our main character is STeve ALKER. but his best friend rather call him stalker. is he saint?
let story tell us the truth we are all trying to find so desprately. 

our protagonist is a mentaly ill person. at least psychiatrists call him that way. he thinks he had a lot of souls possesing him. not like demons. no! this is possesion by 
FICTIONAL characters. the real question is if they are realy fictional. what does it mean to be fictive? you can't see them in real life? you can't feel them? nevermind.
i think we wouldn't solve this case. i think they are as real as any real person that you met today in a shop, bus or maybe work.

our first person is billie. i heard she likes to vear jeans. she thinks it makes her look like criminal. yes this lady is no good. :D Just Kidding(JK) she is nice to people.
she had a grandma and granddad. both of them died in hospital. i think they are on better place now. steve like billie. she is full of life and she is so wise. when you give her
a question she knows the answear or can find way to get it.

next person is ExTasy. this guys official name is xelor askUQok. he has some roots in india. xelor is not a general name. this name gave him his dad when he found his watch that
he couldn't found for ages. it was a gift he got as a young adolescent. from his mum. he wanted tot find it earlier because their home had some issuess and he doesn't wanted to
loose them. and when he was looking for money everywhere he found them near his kids clothes he were as a kid. and he decided to call him xelor because he thought rolex would cause
some problems in his life. as i mentioned or as i wanted mentioned he was a raper. he likes to find similarities in verses. once he want to be famous but also have some privacy.

and third and last person for today is joseph cocker. also known as joker. this guy is batmans enemy. as we know. but secretly he admire batman. secretly he want to be better then
he is but still want to be a villain. why ? beacause he thinks being "bad" means feel like people doesn't want feel.

see you tommorow or later.
yours story teller 
JoeSeph_2
