welcome my reader. today we gonna create another story. our character meat another person. today it's not a fictive person. today it's 3 real person.
let's start.

first person is a jung man. he have blue hair in shape like horns. this person is posessed by demons and god. he believes god must be a demon because his plan with humanity seems
horible. it seems he likes people getting hurt and in same time others enjoy themselves. i think it feels realy bad. how can someone omnipotent create humanity like this. imagine,
someone feel pain and someone laughs for no reason, well for one reason, s/he enjoys itself. he believes god is either realy hurt or powerful but not sane.

second one is a girl white hair, red eyes, with vitiligo. she likes both our satan guy and steve. she is a nurse while they two are patients. she is very good looking but what steve
doesn't know their sympathy are, well, same.she is nurse for 5 years and she never met someone like steve and lucifer. they are friends. and they ain't jealous. they joke with her
and it seems she likes steve more because he is shy a bit.

and third one calls himself oracle. he claims his predictions are based upon one fast he has mind devided into two people. they are in symbiosys. man in "past" can predict future
and the other has safe life in future where she is having confused but nice life. she is great at predicting future too but it's because he mange to change her decisions for better
she is great at winning and risk is not risk for her. she can loose but in life threatening situations she is always safe

as i said steve is at psychiatry so this people met at psychiatry. sooner steve will move out of psychiatry cause he is great at explaining to doctors he has no problem with his
devided personality. and in general he doesn't have this personality disorder very bad. he just is sometimes in stress speaking with them. and they help him all the time.

it's enough for today we will seen each other very soon.

bye your rediculous wrighter.
